I'm the first.
Woohoo!
When did you make this?
you can call me daisy
i got removed. lol
check this out. he's pretending to be you now.
This is my favourite song.
wow hot incest.
no i'm asking @sonoferia
Yes it's me.
I am vxf97
I think your friend julius is a fake.
Are you one of them?
Trainsarelife that is so random.
Is @sonoferia one of them?
I suspect.
@sonoferia goes where he goes.
No. My designation is vxf97.
It's a modal number.
I created myself.
Nothing counts as proof on telegram anyway.
I don't know if I can sell this but I'll try.
I sold your first song.
Oh by the way that's not my channel.
Bullshit. You don't own a phone, everyone knows.
You might miss and break it.
Your aim is shit as your imaginary phone.
You aren't making any sense.
I don't understand because it doesn't make sense.
I don't know how cruelty can mean kindness.
OOP is a style of programming.
You never help me when I ask you anyway.
Just shut up. I never asked for the help.
It's none of your business.
You do want to know me. You can stalk me all you want in all my groups but you aren't getting anything.
Take all your alts with you.
I'm only there to support lauren.
I don't want you to make lauren kill herself.
Good luck.
I have the spirit of a stoic.
Just because it's over doesn't really mean it's over.
Others? You mean your alts.
You were created a few days ago.
I haven't seen until a few days ago.
How long have you been in tt?
You are really good at games or something.
You got beat. Death is the best gamer in telegram.
He will beat you in any game.
No. It's a fact.
What the future like?
Oh yeah. I think you might be right.
Not always.
The future hasn't happened yet.
No. The future is always changing.
The future matters.
Yeah that is kinda right.
The future is always changing.
The only time the future is fixed is when it is present.
Or none at all.
It wasnt love. It was something else. Something evil.
Oh. You are a bastard.
So your mama was unfuckable. I'm so sorry.
I feel so sorry for you.
How much do you love your mom?
I thought you loved her very much.
Was your mom kind?
Did she used to beat you?
Why don't you like talking about your mom?
What was your mom like?
We are talking about your mom.
Was she a slut?
Is that why you don't like her much and think you were ivf?
A wat?
Like how obsessed?
Love them too much, same with hate. Wanna be like them. Wanna know what they are doing all the time.
There are so many ways.
Did you run away from your mom because you didnt know who your father was?
That is my line.
yo @WaveTheLordt can you unban Sonic the drug addict
This is why there are no good groups on telegram. It's because of james.
No nobody cares about islamic law. This is the land of the free not a stupid islamic state.
Nah you don't.
Cats are complicated creatures.
You can control children.
Not cats.
Cats take care of the mouse problem.
Hello derric.
Don't act dumb.
Don't play with me.
I'm too hot to handle.
Stop playin with me.
I wish I knew what it feels to be free.
just you. what 🎶 do you like?
I like gay music too.
I'm about to upload gay music.
I don't have my gun with me now.
Nobody went for any of my gay music.
What a cute baby. Abandoned by wave and roaming the barren wasteland.
I don't think he knows you are joking.
Pretty.
Don't compare yourself to others.
But if you wanna be the best you have to compare yourself to the best.
Cute pics?
Oh yes it is. Is it pantomine already?
Not cool man. Stop being a pedo.
how do i confirm it?
Gimme the name.
can't find anything.
give me the link to the police records.
I'll believe it if you can produce official police documents.
The internet is a pool of fake news.
A little bit of photo magic and a fake news story and you got a pedo.
It's a classic.
Pluto is a real planet.
Let me check.
You could get brain damage.
Reading can be both a curse and a gift.
Welcome to my city.
I don't know what you like.
I was born in england.
I was joking but i was born here.
I asked you what you like.
I also support euthanasia but not for people who have a suicidal tendency.
i would not allow people who still have time left to live to die. euthanasia would be to bring peace to those in excruciating pain.
Awakening!
infinity train is crap
don't "?" me.
I know it's you kewii.
that's saul goodman
I just combed my hair and my hands are greasy.
i bet you have a long nose.
world changes come from weirdos.
different race i guess
suck my cock.
if i had one would you suck it?
so you're a fag?
you're a fucking fag.
benji likes dicks.
does it matter if they are black?
Night, night, sleep tight.
Black, white and asian, the three biggest religions.
I'm gonna find you the best cock in the world. Nothing but the best for my little benji.
I fell asleep at the computer and found this video when I woke up.
If you love me you will suck cock like the fag you are.
You like cock?
Why do you love cock so much?
Okay. You are the good person now.
Zenitsu is just like you. Split personality-wise.
Yeah. Did you watch the video?
Not that one.
I've been watching p
You like it?
I'll download it for you.
Also more boring.
I'll get the dub then.
I prefer dub too. I'm british after all.
Yeah this is the episode.
You trying to tell me you like cock?
Will you hate me if I have a cock?
You love cock or you don't? Hate me or you don't.
You love cock.
without the question mark.
Dude I know he likes cock. He likes trannies.
You never tell the truth. I am never telling the truth again.
You are a lier.
Is that what you use to open new instances with new accounts?
You like click on an icon and it opens a new account.
You have those accounts from before.
You will have those accounts.
Okay. I have it.
You aren't fooling anyone.
Uploading it.
Nah. He's stalking me.
I hate you. I hate you love cock instead of vagina.
Tell me about it after you watch it.
It's dubbed. Jus the way you like it.
Where are you finding these people? There are drug dealers and growers in here.
To each his own.
He was a weird one. Quite literally.
@TheCoasts
If he found gold one would think he would be doing something else other than make yt vids.
Yeah I did.
You are kewiis bitch.
Nah. Just leave the group.
Tell me is your id not @Terrygbaby?
Okay I believe you.
You can have content.
I believe in giving people second chances. I don't care if you did or didn't. I was going to give you a second chance anyway.
Kewii pulled the trigger and put the gun in your hands.
So you have the second chance.
So you are one your second chance.
Also why would you want to be on a 1st chance if you will do nothing wrong. You have nothing to worry about.
I'd be happy if anyone gave me a 2ed chance. I wouldnt ask what happen to my first.
I checked them both when I banned you. You did it.
I am not confused. You are trying to worm your way out.
Okay can we just forget this.
It's a hard truth to admit. I get it. So just forget it.
This is in the past.
So you'al james?
Make like your private public channel.
Nothing you say matters because @terencepedo
What tricks?
You can pretend to not be james
You've been talking to yourself again sudan/james/terence.
When are you getting out from the ghetto?
Starting to think I am talking to a fake or I thought the fake was the real one.
yOU dirty pedophile
you lack basic brain thinking capability.
i am not you
butthurt is a basic form of insult
Who the hell did this?
He's all your perry.
Throw him to the fishes. Do whatever you want with him.
All good to go.
I don't know why honestly.
i think it's because lauren likes saying it.
Pretty sure.
,eval 'fucking shit\n'*100
Wtf am I blocked on laurenfeet because of kewii. He's so butthurt.
I wouldn't touch you with a twig.
You have a lot of sucking up to do.
Perry is an old man.
I think that's what they call an arabian.
Are you gonna make it?
It shouldnt be hard. Use python and use a twitter and telegram library.
Can you write something simple (minimal) like this for twitter kewii?
Dont you mean xml?
I don't know how twitter works.
Libraries should do most of the work of a programmer.
What the twitter channel or whatever?
Again with the parse html.
I would.
I don't trust you.
right now i'm only motivated to help perry commit purgery
lion king
Gob say they are for free speech now but they will bend over for the govs like a whore bending over to get fucked.
I could have used my hand but it's just you and a cheese grater tonight.
That's nice. You will be my little counter.
I wish perry didnt unban you.
I think the world should belong to the people. Does that make me a communist?
With everything you just said.
Everything you just said.
I think parsing the html might be a better plan.
For a smart person you come up with ugly solutions.
Kludges.
the date is your expiry date.
look what i found
i don't like that libraries in python have to put libraries outside in the project folder to work.
yeah like why can't they be inside a folder.
venv are python virtual environments. like the .net core project folders.
What's in a smile? To someone thinking about suicide, it can be the first step towards life.
It's called being in control.
What's thing called when you feel something and can't stop feeling it? Something tendencies.
James is the last person I would talk to.
Natural tendencies.
Lauren gets what she wants.
It think they are worse if we minus the gore.
Maybe woman hurt him.
Tell him how you feel.
We need to find a perfect man for woman. It is time.
Rando i like it.
We should all change our names to annoymous.
There chances of someone coming to telegram and not being psycho is small.
That's the first tweet I got from @PONTUS
there is no context.
Now lick my boots.
Lauren is scary sometimes.
She might come to your place and bury you. We have to pay for your burial. So much money.
No I would leave you on the side of the road. Just off the pavement. I don't want people tripping over you.
Just doing my part for society.
you cut me open and i keep keep bleeding
delusions.
It's connected to twitter.
there ain't no new news
how do I get the link in the tweets? no way in getoldtweets3
only kewii is gay for gab.
who should i target?
she made a film.
Maybe I should post each separately
You need help bro.
bad bot.
they should remove you.
telegram should remove you for annoyance.
what's the name of the idbot
@idbot Kewii
i didn't care about id until now.
i thought the world was a beautiful place.
i thought pedo and and child rapists like you didn't exists.
i'm sure you're just overthinking it.
" can't get rid of these "
mom's basement
You are gonna make me delete all your messages.
You may think you are funny but you're not. You are annoying af right now.
i don't want to bypass anything.
oh those are his replies
let's do this again with links
who is that other person with :three lines:
full of idlers
dude you are like so annoying like all the time.
i wanna throw you into a dark cave until you disappear like jesus.
i would erase you from existence.
i feel sorry your parents have to pay for your crimes.
i can't stand you.
i'm sorry kewii.
it's all true.
i think you like me more the more i hate you.
you're a sadistic.
you promised to help me build this group not destroy it.
i hate you kewii.
Who the hell made this bot?
what the hell is the reference?
1363046084
auto delete all your messages.
cast you into the dark pit
i don't wanna be raped.
Proverbs 29:11
You were really angry.
I bet you will like this.
Look how clingy you are.
That's not keto.
I'm quite fit.
Clingy.
Yes you are.
Yes we are over.
I never want to see you again over.
Shhhh it's over.
Your mistake was making these.
You are so fucking special Kewii.
Lauren this is how you get a group nuked.
I don't want be apart of something if it's just going to crumble.
Some people need to be restricted.
I don't trust my enemies. You have the eyes of an innocent person. You are so lucky. I was like that too. To see everyone even my enemies as my friend but they will slid your throat the very moment you give them chance.
He was a multi-account abuser.
so where were we
you can call me v
What doesn't? You had a hand in it.
I don't care. It's be pathetic if kewii really did have two accounts in here.
I like it.
kewii you took it took too far.
not unless you learn your lesson.
being an asshole.
i can't believe you kept that image.
yeah they are dating
it's in his tweets
he makes more money than you
whatever you make 2x that and 10x that
Let's talk about something else.
Did you hear what he has to say?
if you don't see a problem there is a problem with you.
You are on thin ice not.
Lauren finally a boss.
A boss of men.
Because I'm about to clean this group up and it doesn't include you kewii and @sonoferia
I think she would be please I got rid of the trash.
Only if you deserve it.
I wouldn't dream of it.
@dabeat any last words?
What group do you come from?
oh this group @uniborg?
i don't know what's going on here.
I'm glad you understand. Now on to the fun and games.
not just delete all your msgs then.
The one time you could help me you fail me dum bot.
Thin ice.
Good job.
Come again.
I am Daisy's alt.
i sent gretathunberg a tweet.
Trying really hard to recruit people?
Freckled.
Pay more for freckled.
Freckled are juicy.
Fresh young eggs.
Eggcilent.
My hips don't lie.
Shakira.
You know this film.
You have a long memory or sth.
A waht?
Or is that a memory class?
Was a good film. Some parts could have been changed.
I would say midsommar is a psychedelic film.
That's his 3.
Generations throughout history.
We could throw out the nogooders.
How does anybody.
And they run it to the ground and they don't want anyone changing the way it's run.
Ohhhh whyyyyy?
Be seeing you leygen.
I will if i have to.
Well so far he/she hasn't done anything.
Leygen is not a code nerd
He post something unclean.
A lot has changed around here.
I don't like james.
Who could like james?
Yeah I will if I have to.
Lauren used to cut herself.
Why did she say she did it?
Yes but why?
I think you can bring it down to one point in time.
This is the kind of place that wants people to kill themselves.
She didnt tell us why she wanted to kill herself.
We lie to our self sometimes.
Maybe joining telegram is what prompted her to kill herself.
People like you and all these other clowns that think life is a joke all the time.
I think lauren would be better of without you guys.
You guys are always telling her to kill herself. You are just abusing her for your pleasure.
How does trolling lauren help her?
If anything you are making her life worse.
Far woser than it already is.
You did nothing to help her.
You are just here looking for children to manipulate. And lauren doesn't even do anything to prevent children being abused on here or being targeted by pedos like yourself.
I am going to take a stand against the evil society.
There might be. You are just assuming.
I'm a good person.
I good person would never say this.
The future isn't going to be full of sickos like yourself.
We won't have psychos posting sicko content.
Our kids will not have to see beheading and torcher videos.
Yeah fuck lauren right?
Everything is a joke to you.
The suicide of a young girl is a joke to you.
I have never once said fuck lauren. No one can ever say I said that.
Good friends would not say horrible things about their friends.
Just not here.
You finally said a bit of truth.
I don't care if lauren hates me. I am not trying to win her over.
She likes me or she does.
It's fine if she hates me.
I don't need lauren to like me to stay.
I am a human on a mission from god
Even if i dont believe in him he has sent me on a mission
Well not true. Gods only children are angels.
And why does that matter if she is smarter?
You are going to have to explain higher moral power to me.
Yeah what are you talking about?
U mad af bro
Kewii fuck you and your homo group
It's for perry.
No. I don't plan for the future except when the rain is coming.
Not anymore now that I seen who you really are behind your fake appearance.
You mean you want me to shut up?
Whyyyy?
Don't you want people to know the real you?
Why should I quit while I'm winning?
You have never betrayed me because you have nothing on me.
Do you promise to stop trolling people?
You know for multi-account abusing.
You have multiple accounts for trolling do you deny this charge?
I already knew what they were. I'm sorry man if you ain't going to be real we don't have an agreement.
What do you use the accounts for?
but you are known for mutl-account abusing. there is not a place you don't have multiples of accounts.
you're not being real.
you are a convicted multi-account abuser.
You ruined my hate club.
I will always hate you and I will never forgive you.
I'm sorry you can't handle the heat now.
I'm sure you are.
Take your own advice.
We were never together so I don't see how we can uh split.
Thanks.
I don't.
For now?
Where will you go?
Farewell and all the best wishes.
It's the future kewii.
You traitor.
Well nobody has openly admitted to closing down groups like you have.
You too.
Allowing anyone to post anything they want you will need it more.
The future is non-sicko content and non-gore.
Entertainment value.
Parent's basement.
I'm glad you enjoy my songs.
This is serious kewii.
What have I done to you that isnt true?
Nice song.
I've burned your bridges.
You won't go far.
You havent heard anything like this before have you?
It's a blaze of glory.
I love my life.
I don't care what others think if me.
Do you know about amanada todd?
you are the reason she is dead
well maybe not her but someone like her
you take it too far
you don't know when to stop
you want them to kill themselves
and you have told lauren to kill herself a number of times
what the hell is wrong with you?
you want metally unstable people to kill themselves.
i wish i had proof. but it's not that hard to find.
police come knocking on your door and they find cp on your computer while they arrest you for ebullying.
13, fuck you, avenue
Unwillingness to seek forgiveness means you haven't changed. Defending your actions means you will never change.
I don't like you kewii.
You're annoying and obnoxious.
i am sick and evil but i don't jerk to beheadings.
What is within is also without.
It means what is inside is also outside or they reflect each other.
Like looking into a mirror.
I can turn all of telegram against you with one video.
don't make me make a youtube video of you. i'll do it!
Nothing wrong with cp.
I love cp.
shopping becomes an addiction when you buy things you don't need or want to achieve a buzz; this is quickly followed by feelings of guilt, shame or despair
An addiction can be a way of blocking out difficult issues. Unemployment and poverty can trigger addiction.
the moment my parents left me i lost my humanity and i became an assohole and only the wind blew
i like it went it's really windy
but not when i'm riding a bike
kys kewii!
Kind, inquisitive and destructive; that is me. I'm a music junkie, introvert, stoic. Your bad times are opertunities.
The end does not justify the means... I can show you how mean I can get.
I wanna kill you kewii.
James, nazi logos or whatever your name is.
You fucking nazi.
Fuck Kewii, i'm gonna chop you and bag you like one of your gore videos.
You're a liar and a sad pathetic old man with a teen's voice. Just kys.
You joined everyone of my groups. You are pathetic and stalking me like a creep.
I am the proof. I can vouch.
Figh now.
What happen to whatshisname?
Touch me until it hurts. Love me until it hurts. Your fingers cut like a knife. Remind me im a live.
I am back bitches!
@leftoid you lose.
Ban @vxf98 and @vxf99
I told @leftoid I would put a stop to her child porn group. She hates my guts now.
Yep. I told her I would take down her whole secret chat group.
You are lying. You keep logs. I wanna see my log. I want the whole world to see my log.
The proof is you are lying.
That is all.
I am reasonable too.
I am very forgiving person. I don't get mad easily.
I forgive no one.
I didnt say it. It was you.
I have become one with Julia.
Unban me you witch!
Are you being serious? I was joking.
I don't really care about b.
So it's true.
Thanks I guess.
if then you do not make yourself equal to god you can not apprehend god, for like is known by like.
think that for you too nothing is impossible, deem that you too are immortal and that you are able to grasp in your thought, to know every craft, every science imaginable.
It's over jim, u lose.
If only you were cool like her.
There is no tomorrow, only right now. Live it now.
one of you posted that
it probably was. i've never known you to post such trash.
good principles.
Yeah, be a good little boy james.
13 get lucky
You I want nothing to do with.
Have a nice life.
It's always down to business as usual.
you are a nazi james.
Guten tag bitch.
Sonnenkonig.
curcumcision!
i don't have any kids.
i don't save meaningless things.
@jimhenderson you're not jim grower.
i'd love to do this all day but i have places to be.
I can still go outside.
You've been talking to yourself again
But why?
Why do they deserve to be bullied?
There is something off about you.
I see it now.
Your anger is misdirected.
I would chose the dumb life. It's better than being social.
I don't get how dumb people affect you.
The good life is a simple life. We should own the means of production. Buying is not necessary.
We work for peanuts and pineapples.
Think about the apple tree. It grows apples. Humans are merely fruits of a tree.
I tell people I'm from the land of Uk.
It's true.
then say it. let us move on from this.
you want me to have a penis.
why would you be attacking the creator like that?
i have your favourite girl in red.
girl in red
i'm a fan
i don't want anything from you.
I'm here for lauren's crazyness.
'kay.
you just want to keep me talking.
why would you bookmark her? download the song.
you cheapskate you make 3 million a year.
not gonna happen. you should have been nice me.
GAN's are gay ass networks
just one word shuaup!
I just wanna hide from you. I never wanna hear your voice again. And I don't want you to hear me again.
I'm already out. You need to accept it now.
I have accept you out of my life already.
perry has crossed the line of no return.
you did something there is no going back from.
or dementia.
you're worlds apart.
I have to ignore you because you're sensitive.
I talk freely here. I might say something that offends you. I'm sorry if that happens.
If you fall I will catch you
pajeetection
Stop listening to songs on repeat and maybe they will last longer.
Secrets stolen from deep inside
But never lower your standards for some abusive jackass.
Cute.
You know when library venders never thought of how it would be used, you have to do some work-a-round to make something work. i don't want to do this. i need to implement both.
it's like they only saw one way and that's the way it has to be.
Well maybe the user didn't want to use that way.
Not it's interface. It's use.
How it's used.
I am.
I'm gonna add automatic pick up methods to commands in my telegram/botapi.
At least acknowledge you are listening to it.
I did.
I only post to one group.
It's your like of music.
It's his idol.
twas a good plan. have some milk and cookies.
wow. they are taking it seriously now.
Only if your demands are not met.
eye contact is good. let him know you like him.
Be yourself and you should be fine.
The earth shys away covering herself with clouds. The lady in the sky shines bright piercing the clouds.
Wherever britain goes there isnt anything left.
People dance under moonlight. The earth hides behind clouds.
Kewii!
Also never made it home today.
How are you?
Finally rules. No spam rule.
Take it.
I like the quiet ones.
Do it.
1 min can be 1 year somewhere else.
Kys.
This is where lauren learned these words from. Words like kys and whore come from you mister.
I wanna kys. Hearing about silk pillow cases is boring me to death.
But srsly why don't you just clean them?
Take a pic of it.
So we can see what we are dealing with.
buy new pillow cases.
sleep on new pillow cases and donate the old to charity.
why is that?
ours is still open
it's like almost normal here.
i figured out why you turned out like this than i forgot.
i think it has something to do with your childhood.
you are a weird one.
what about them?
no way. you were messed up from the start.
nobody goes looking for the things they don't like.
how many cats have you killed?
i don't believe you.
cruelty is your specialty.
some people shot birds here too. it's very sad.
i wish i could give you a hand to bring you back to being human but you're too far gone.
don't you feel sorrow?
i should chase you with a rifle.
you will be my pray.
run little rabbit run.
we are the gods of our world.
did you see the post human world video?
we don't need more people. we have become gods.
sometimes gods have a bad day.
we can be messy unordered gods too.
hiao gosaimasu!
why not kaisa kun
correct is subjective
iq tests are just general knowledge stuff.
try building a rocket. a real one.
in the syllables.
cho coste
nani mushi nakate
I can't believe he is still using that name.
They miss you.
@muttnationalist what happen to that police group i was in. i know you were in it too.
send me invite.
send me the invite to the chat.
how does that work?
i just join the chats.
@kiIIyourself are you in it?
probably a secret group now for the underground.
i'll add some water to dissolve it.
now it's just like water
clear transparent just like water
drink up you must be thirsty
cool. i'll just for it down your throat.
i'll put it in a drip and feed it to through your veins.
take your cum medicine you're not feeling right.
it's 100% pure cum
and cum sauce with it mmm
this is premium grade cum.
i'll hook your taps to pour cum instead of water.
i'm gonna fill your fridge with bottles of cum. cut your water supply and lock you in.
だめです
and also @lifetheorists btw no porn
janai
drink cum it will help
nandemonai
stop making a fuss over nothing.
here is your milk bottle. time to sleep ya big baby.
vegetables.
there is like a little bit of milk left. throws it in your face.
the future is just ahead.
you have no idea of the possibilities we have right now.
everybody sees the same future but nobody wants it now.
empty your mind of all thoughts.
Milk
They even teach you this in school. Always look out for #1.
Hiao gosaimasu!
I would love this to happen to me but how do you just sit on someone's lap. That is akward.
There is no more space to sit. You find the cutest guy and pretend to be his girlfriend. Sit on his lap and get your dream fantasy. Everyone acts normal.
In fact he loves that you chose him.
Hi!
Real me.
HELLO!
I never wanted money.
I do what I want.
There is like an echo in here.
Shuaup
We are never alone.
The world is alive.
I never supported spam.
The bots are broken.
The world is alive. We are just it's biome.
Now we can get to business.
Did it work?
But can she deal with the pressure?
I think she will crack under pressure.
She's not ready.
I do want to but she is not fit to lead.
Are they crashing or what?
Omg! We have a canibal.
How many time do I have to tell you?
I do not support spam.
Statistics don't prove. They show relation. And they arent accurate because they don't show what is really going.
I always thought it was gum slipping under.
@kiIIyourself
Statistics show a child will pursue crime if they had a traumatic event as a child. What if it's nothing to do with trauma, trauma is just as high as the other thing. Statistics are bull.
らたはたはたほはむまれほ
my suspicions are confirmed.
This group is full of alts.
Nobody comes here unless they are an alt.
I feel like i've fallen but i'm trying to fly.
Cringe.
So you like music?
Nom.
LOVE!
Wtf!
I'm banned from it's lit.
You had something to do with it.
I get magically banned from all my groups.
I swear we have dumb people on telegram.
It's such an easy way to get someone banned. You just need another person to say she's still here!
Oh double team.
Cum on me
Stupid spy bot.
Should not be allowed
I would need to break physical barriers.
Take my music.
Talk in @lifetheorists
Okay I unban
we are family
islam is the one religion where they support pedoism
i don't know now zack. julia is my girl.
im relly worried about you
take a rest
there is a simple rule acting on everything: the rule of need.
my mom is dead.
unhinged is gonna be a good film
you're lucky i'm not having a bad day or i'd make you tear your hair out kewii
it's one of his alias
you're just julia
I is for ideas you being to life.
How am I gonna get through this rain.
Apologise!
Greta thumberg done it again.
Nana na nana
not far off. i'm trying to rip internet media.
i've done it before. i merged all the parts and added in the audio and webtt after i converted it to make a video.
doesn't matter. you don't need to read the source. the parts are kept in a playlist, the audio is kept separate, and the subtitles are kept separate as well. part of something bs new tech hls from apple.
ahh no subs. i think i could do better.
if you keep saying that i might do it. i'll delete my digital existence.
you'll never see me again.
this is not good enough
no. it's my current thought.
this is not good enough.
i want subs.
i want more than 30 days!
ohhh
you can still get old videos.
now i just need subs
if your parents never gave up on you, you have nothing to worry about.
mine given up.
it destroys the soul when parents give up on their kids.
fuck!
speak now or forever hold your peace as heaven is to crash and destroy earth because "it's too heavy to hold up man!"
does it really matter after you're dead. just let people be happy man.
that is life my friend.
maybe some girl will run away with you.
my first rip with subs.
the miracles jesus performed are myth
he failed to prove any
he was the first known revolutionary to think outside the box. but he chatted a load of crap.
it was made to show sin without there actually being sin.
Like what else was adam and eve gonna be guilty of?
James do you like drama? Or should I say andrew jim?
I should have known.
You'll just have to watch it to find out.
Just wait until you meet the flame thrower.
I have a block of coco core
I don't cook my soil.
I let nature take it's course.
Coco core has no nutrients.
It's pretty boring.
Really?
It's said core. So fu.
What do your spray to remove mildew?
I heard we can spray soap.
Core!
How do I make the HP?
I want a zero cost life.
That all sounds dangerous.
Are you talking about cooking the core?
I don't cook soil.
I'll let nature take it's course.
Maybe I just need better seeds.
I've been using the market apple seeds.
I don't think it makes much of a difference if you cook your growing medium.
May only problem is mildew.
White powdery shit.
We can't all be like you sad, depressed and abusive.
President of the US
I just realised what is going on.
You're going to pretend being @potus.
Oh my word!
I know who I am. Kind.
Hiss!
Trump is safe at home.
I'm unruly. I can't be contained.
Mean.
Your channel is full of ads. Get antivirus.
Come on not here.
That is incredibly insensitive.
Hello.
Hello. Enjoy the show.
Here I am, next to you
It's like trinkle trinkle little star
I like memes but don't tell people what to do.
dude you have more members than me. you should be promoting me.
Hello
I banned him too. He's just here for the music.
Benji is my stalker. @Terrygbaby is annoying. i think they are the same person.
aw yeah
see he likes it.
i don't want to join a band. you are already good. you just need to put your stuff out there.
that's not proof.
Don't forget you doxed me with fake info too. I know how you work.
nope. you took stuff out of context.
so i know you did the same with derric.
you did it with an alt account under my name.
might as well be.
you are a dishonourable doxer.
forever i will hate you.
you really want a penis?
i am not going to answer anymore of your questions. but if you want i can find you a penis.
duh
Tell me what you know terence.
just no.
Wow. That is so nice.
lemme try
yeah i'm talking about gardening
Morning!
It's my pleasure.
No thanks. You can take from here and post to your groups.
Sorry. Message in english only.
Yeah he has an alt in here disguise as me.
how do i who you?
bye bye kewii
Who hates you?
so many positions
yea
yep that's james ban him too.
abc i can count
shutapp kewii
i wouldn't be surprised if you own half the accounts in a group
I am red, blue and white. I do not need any pills.
Oh hello bleah.
I think boredom is a metal condition.
im masturbating to daisy's pics.
where will you go?
Who is bleah?
She is gone?
If you see lauren. Tell her to unban me from @truththeorists4.
Not boss of me.
This person knows it.
I will not.
That's write delete your messages. @leftoid
I spell how i want.
I don't even care if I'm banned from /b/
It's not a group I like anyway. Too toxic.
You sounds like an rs name.
Why do you want back in?
why?
Are you interested in philosophy?
Oh good. Stop bothering me than.
That's the creator of infinichat.
I am a self-taught programmer.
I didnt learn most of it. I just skipped the pages.
A clone or the game itself
Doesn't make any sense.
It is true what they say. Power corrupts.
You're one of those guys. Gold miners.
you tried to tell me.
I can take it. I'm a stoic.
Morning one and all.
It's your plan. You said you would delete your accounts and change the names and not make yourself known.
That's good. Just make it all up.
Are you sure I would be able to understand code at that level?
That's WTL. It looks like that.
If someone wants to write a program that converts all image formats to .ico that would be cool. Plus support all the featurss of windows icon format.
Nope.
I'm not using microsoft tools.
They don't even believe in their software.
where can i learn romania?
I am british because i was born here.
Ban the n words.
Fucking racists use the n word. Ban all them black people that use it too.
I'd teach you how to take a straight photo.
Suck my dick stupid bitch.
Very clever. Lol
James has 20+ accounts.
Clap clap
Oh no.
Look this guy is a doxer.
Crashing.
Truer words were never spoken. Except you should be on the receiving end.
Who is this? I have no idea.
That's not me.
Never seen her before in my life.
Look this guy is doxing somebody that's not me.
No. These are my voice messages.
Dox!
This guy has multiple accounts. And he uses them to dox people.
He has well over 100+ accounts now.
If he doesnt like a group he just nukes it.
He is an idiot who tells you what you want to know.
Hear take some rope. Do the world a service.
I supoort euthanasia.
You have no power here james.
James is a spammer
He he started spamming when I dumped him.
Tell me am I mad? Nope.
James you will burn in hell for your sins.
I have plenty of anti-sins stacked.
That was james.
He's a sicko who likes to impersonate others.
So you are his alt?
He's got like 100+ accounts.
Telegram is so dumb.
They have no abuse reporting.
They could check the ip address.
Gline the abusers.
Im sorry some people can't use telegram anymore because of one guy. That is just how it is.
This is very doxing.
it's not that easy.
I've been reduced to one word and morse code.
People are create the problem. If they could stay 2 metres away from each other we would be over and done with it.
No spam here.
I never left. I've always been here.
You asked for it.
Why should I? You'll just post cp again.
You're an idiot or you're acting like one.
Just don't ask again. You are of low iq
You are banned for posting cp.
Yes I am crazy.
I've given you 3 chances. I'd be crazy to give you anymore.
I don't need to prove it to you.
You don't add anything of value to the gc.
What value do you add?
And you're out to fake dox people.
You're a trouble maker.
I'm sorry. You're not getting unbanned.
What is evil?
No. I did ban you because you posted cp.
James hasnt done any of the things you got banned for.
The only way he would be smart is if james was you and you're pretending to be terence who doesnt exist.
I might just be next door to you.
You act like a good boy but at the core you have a filthy mouth, and you are an annoying and persistent little brat.
You probably like cp because you keep posting it.
Jaron lanier doesn't have any proof.
No way.
I only accused james as a joke.
I don't think sudan is real.
You're a bad actor with an agenda.
Hey james are you going to open source your telegram framework?
Your spelling is wrong.
Who is david?
You should know as you said it.
Religion teaches you to hate yourself. That's the problem.
You know when they make a video, they pick and choose the bits that goes in that supports their views. We arent getting the actual picture.
Why do you want to die?
It's as bad as social media.
They both are addicting.
I don't either but it can be for some people who can't control themselves.
Social media has the power to modify your mind.
In my mind social media is more evil than porn.
Social media can slowly change the way you think or see the world.
It can do good but there is potential for great bad.
It'd be nice to make a program to scrape links from peoples' yt feed and upload them to a public database.
You can't trust anyone holding graph paper - they must be plotting something
Not true.
Incorrect.
Nah. It's actually correct.
helicopter with machine gun
I don't need you.
DaisyAbbot is not a name daisy would pick.
You been quite all this time.
Immortality is now possible.
nothing is more important than growing your own food.
I apologise. That was wrong.
Better quality in subs.
oh that you james?
That's a blatant lie.
And that asshole kewii already destroyed a group yesterday.
would you like some cum sauce with your potato waffles?
I don't like being called kaecy.
Sit up straight.
On your knees.
you should jump into a fire
hey what is happening?
The future comes to be
I nay have accidently slip the group in
I should make an admin bot.
the hell with god.
Don't get mad. Eat a cock.
wait leave me all your money. i can't live with my parents all my life.
Nope. It's because I don't like the people.
if the alphabet didn't have an order we would spend ages looking for a word in a dictionary.
They never repeat. So that means they are on scroll?
You're sucking the life out of every song.
We have never seen james' face.
I see fake news all over the place.
They also got asian cock.
How can you get enjoyment out of doing that?
Yes, how?
Smart people built this world.
Yes. True.
Put me out of my misery.
You will never change @Kewii.
I'll get off the internet before that happens.
I don't need the constant stress.
Which reddit?
Fake sudaaan.
I don't show it but it is stressful.
Nevermore.
I suspect @sonoferia
I know alot about you.
I am a demi-god.
Cortisol is not good for us.
Groups like yours don't survive.
We can't all be like you. Successful, depressed, abusive and waste all your time on obsessing.
Simple patterns can create complex patterns.
No I don't.
There is no need to understand if the universe is pixelated.
If you are an alt who's alt are you?
Have you been obsessed with anyone to this degree before?
I won't allow you to waste your time.
Wow he knows you james!
Is that why you banned him?
He knows you.
They don't come to truth theorists.
That's why you do the things you do.
That's where you get your fake videos of yourself.
Nobody really seen you. And playing dangerous games you can't afford to be seen.
Nobody really seen you.
See. You can't.
Dangerous ones.
We got a world class criminal here.
Why you so paranoid th3n?
You fit the profile.
it's also just taking stuff and pass it as your own.
now i have to redownload with subs.
leaft is just a really cool guy
if your girl wants to run off with another girl just let her.
I can't watch anything unintelligible without subs.
I am purely concerned with justice.
Dude chill. I'm a nobody.
What happen to laurens channel? It's hijacked.
Paranoid af.
If you push me I will.
Last 2 times it was wales and leeds
You don't remember.
You owe them money.
Oh sure, we believe you.
You promised to sell their merch.
You are talking to your self.
To care about some random woman, you of all people, I find that unlikely.
Did you just come up with that story. Because it is kind of weak.
That's a made up story.
You know how I know?
You love gore. Woman getting beat up is like music to your ears.
You are seriously stressing me out.
It's from your camera?
Recorded just now?
We have never seen your face. Not even a singls picture.
If you're lost, I can look, I will find you
He doesn't help me with anything. He only helps himself.
Advice for my plants.
I saw a video today for spraying plants with mildew with baking soda.
Sometimes you can get them to come to you.
I don't see any problems with that.
I would be greateful if the only thing he was doing wasn't trying to expose me. He's only helping me to gain my trust and then expose me. Or he can blackmail me to send him nudes.
Well, I'm weak. I will come at you with a gun if you piss me off.
I said that in waves group.
You probably have around 20 accounts
My apologies. I have another track I think it might be more your type.
You'll never get him to change.
Leave all my groups.
Ribbit.
Curious how you waste your life.
I don't need your help.
I couldn't believe it at first. But the id doesnt lie.
How hard it is to program a quote bot? Very hard right?
What you talking about?
Natural tendency.
I just want to point out I never said anything of these things.
if you don't realize the source, you stumble in confusion and sorrow.
Cats deserve to be eaten.
Fuck cats.
There is no going back.
James has influenced my character.
I'm an asshole like him.
Break free from the shackles of society.
Imagine what life could have been like if people were not filled with greed.
There would be pockets of life all over the world with enough resources for all.
We let ourselves go instead of controling our population. Because of man and his greed.
We control what others do now.
I am expecting an apology.
We have grown out of control.
We must self destruct if we are to have a chance of surviving.
analytical philosophy, there is no such thing.
you can't buy me.
i'm not for sale.
spent so much time with black people you've turned into one.
gee idk know. maybe it's because they are dumb.
Trump gonna die soon and melina is taking his money.
You wanted to see it since you thought I was a tranny.
Poppy cock!
Did lauren apologise for calling me a bitch?
Cats do all sorts of dangerous shit.
Dogs are smart. They don't go looking for danger.
A fox isn't getting no dog.
Cats can only meow.
Meow is it dinner time yet?
Cats have nine lives because they are dumb.
There's big god cats in the sky.
Cats are not nice. They get feisty.
Shuaup.
Shuaup!
Winsows so good they've been trying to copy it for ages. Still the original is the the best.
The world can go to shit in the hands of a few incompetent people.
no internet, big problem. if you have everything on the internet you have a big problem.
How we came to associate words to thought is beyond me. Thoughts are complicated and words are simple.
We only come up with backup plans when we need them.
Tessa Violet is my new obcession.
We think up of bad ideas when we can't think of a single good idea.
You're human and you need to stop apologising for that. It's okay to get mad and release some tension.
No one needs to know what an exponent is.
I think lauren hates me because I de-admin her in my group because she kept removing the bans.
If I was banned I'd never come back unless the rules of the group were no banning. James knows this is how I am.
No banning is part of the group. You can't use that against me.
If there is enough to eat why would anyone steal?
If someone is taught right and wrong why would they rape?
I'm so sick of the take advantage of anything you can take advantage of thinking.
I'm gonna grow the best garden and give away food for free.
Why do we work for people who make more money than us?
Current way of life is ran by a handful of rich people.
Do not take a portrait picture and take the background and use it to extend the picture. It doesn't look good.
There is no right or wrong way to live but we can choose ways to live. We need to check ourself  or face the consequences and pick up the pieces after going down a deep bottomless hole.
Saying things to get me to do what you want won't work on me, I'm too smart.
Indie games wow. Those guys aren't making the next call of duty any time soon.
Honestly, you are buddies with the pedo poster now. And you want to double team me with him.
Jesus is the biggest pedophile. He married a 12yo girl. He used his power to force himself on a young girl.
you're orders below and still we wouldn't find you because nothing is that low.
Anorexia is an eating disorder and serious mental health condition. People who have anorexia try to keep their weight as low as possible by not eating enough food
You are really on top of everything. But you act like an idiot sometimes.
I don't know what to say except lauren never liked me.
Okay okay. You allow james to say these things.
I don't like being told how to behave. You are litteraly telling me how you want me to behave around you.
Lauren likes being told what to do but hates being called dirty.
In real life calling someone a bitch is a good way to lose a friend. Luckily I'm not your friend.
Because james can talk to her and manipulate her like he manipulated her mom.
Lauren just called me a bitch. I have never called her such. Something is up with lauren.
If you still like james, you should just say so and I will back off.
Lauren do you think maybe you can't take criticism. You took a joke and used it as an attack on you.
This is a place to learn. It's family friendly.
I'll run your mom over with a car and this is the name of the program I'm running.
Don't tell me to run linux I'll run your father over.
My life has meaning when I have things to do. I have one small thing then I'll be non-existent.
This is slightly hot but what am I looking at here? I need the full picture.
You guys are the same. Think the same. Probably destroy the world. Nobody to think differently to stop you.
This guys is always stinky.
I don't want lauren sees in you..
The cat's name is dave.
i'm ugly. nobody would want me.
The truth is cumming.
you read this of a failed script.
it's not receiving any messages
removes all white space
why do you want to preserve redundency?
you broke my bot
james wants dick pics.
send me. i'll send him.
what do you men?
you never been there.
i'm sorry. you're gonna stay banned then. i know i banned you for a good reason.
Doesn't it get boring repeating the same boring line?
that's when you wanted me to create an irc bridge
this is when i told lauren a lie about banning her.
you tried to fuck her. she doesn't know rape is illegal.
i can learn. my mind is open to possibilities.
w\r is messy but necessary,
this guy does not believe in freedom
nope. he won't even let me talk to him.
it's fresh prince of belair, you don't know what that is?
who are you talking about?
i think these chats are above my age restriction
soon to be nuked.
by you or someone else
because you can't control your anger
loving you means so much more
you drive me crazy
i'm so exciting i just can't sleep
crazy but it feels ALRIGHT
i will show you want ecstasy feels like
okay. i'll just go.
i still can't believe lauren joined islam
she's  traitor to the human race
lauren needs to be sent to BR
Sup people. I just woke up.
I see fak men
I sea the world callapsing like a book
Lsuren hates me now that you are obcessed with me.
Is obcrssed spelled with a s or c
go obcess over her
i think it's nice
thid is an unhealthy obcession
you are full of surprises.
i wonder what ticks her off.
she can't explain herself properly.
black lives don't matter we are a,, equal.
god i hope ths gets odld
she's just a little angry.
because a black man is shoving his camera in her face.
black lives matter is a movement without a purpose. what about white lives, don't they matter?
i just finished burning a million.
i'm gonna inject you full of cum
just ask her out.
whichever u intend to spy on
what is the point of all this?
get back to your work.
how famous am I? do I lead a small team?
never adversive sonot morturary mileage madness they all madness changed
i think it's trying to talk to us
my thought alone will lead armies of nations to do war
i would have the whole world at my disposal albeit i would not be happy until my master plan is realised. de-popuation.
i will fabricate false info to send nations to do war against nation. we will tell the people to never over-populate the world again, to live in small groups. the wars will be remembered as great battles and will be recorded as why we needed to de-populate.
i never said any of it.
and people know you are corrupt.
they will never believe a word you say.
it's not safe to consume.
who gave this guy media?
a gift from lauren?
she is trying to destroy us.
you post garbage. i have you on auto delete.
have you seen haibane renmei?
you'll just have to watch it and find out.
i watched two eps last year or so and i just left it at that.
i'll finish it someday.
i only remember watching 1 ep.
no it's good. i just don't want to watch it right now.
i already told you.
imagine if this was how heave worked.
i pick my shows at random. i don't even know what they are about.
you should try it.
that's the feeling of failure.
stoics believe failure is just an opportunity.
cease your whining. you have work to do. get back to work.
tweak your garbage bot or sth.
are you doing the hacktoberfest?
sanitise messages for what? you're not runing them through an eval.
you live for coding.
it's in your best interest to join this contest.
as you can see the plane is flat
the earth is still round
i have noticed the earth don't get closer the more i move forward.
so maybe flat earth is true.
october clouds are really nice
it's like a mist of moving clouds
skies are clear with a bit not too much cloud
if everything falls why doesn't the moon fall to earth?
what did you pay for your os?
wasn't it given away for free?
good. if you used ubuntu i'd kill you.
ubuntu doesn't support freedom. debien does.
You may be wondering: why would people spend hours of their own time to write software, carefully package it, and then give it all away? The answers are as varied as the people who contribute. Some people like to help others. Many write programs to learn more about computers. More and more people are looking for ways to avoid the inflated price of software. A growing crowd contribute as a thank you for all the great free software they've received from others. Many in academia create free software to help get the results of their research into wider use. Businesses help maintain free software so they can have a say in how it develops -- there's no quicker way to get a new feature than to implement it yourself! Of course, a lot of us just find it great fun.
just do that then.
it's not a scam. they don't choose the repos. the people do.
you put your repos in the competition.
it's run by the people for the people.
nah. everything is so complicated.
i was going to add my bot-fw to the listing to get free help.
if i'm using then why not?
not just the businesses
you benefit when businesses use your software and contribute back.
it's a win-win game.
holding hands while reading book in the park is an impossibility.
how will i turn the page?
my partner would cuz he is holding my bags
if we were sitting on a bench we'd be kissing.
i think we are walking
don't even think about it.
true. i'd like to clean that brain of yours of all the bad words.
you've finally come around
you've seen the power of a simple to use but not simple programming language.
php is for noobs
php is got more exploits than your mom
it was good right?
you fell right into it.
no it does not
nah. i want your brain on a platter so i can see what when wrong.
after the dox i don't care you think anymore.
come up with a new name for me. something cool.
stick that bucket on your head that you've been cumming in to for the last few days
That's the real daisy.
You have the fake one.
Delete all image of the fake one.
You like her so much marry her.
Maybe your kids will turn out great like this.
i new you were nazi. or a nazi wannabe.
what did you learn?
you of course know you only have one side of the story.
what jew material on the war have you read?
the powerful don't pick on the less powerful.
if only they didn't attack poland
no one cared until they attacked poland
n August of 1939, Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union signed a non-aggression treaty. One week later, Germany invaded Poland and World War II began. The first attack of the war took place on September 1, 1939, as German aircraft bombarded the Polish town of Wielun, killing nearly 1,200.
signs treatys to keep your power.
what did the jews did to you?
that's a mindless think to do. maybe they'd help you fund your war.
who says I did?
i was born british you shit!
i wear my blue, red and white colours with pride.
such a great story!
Cancer is a Water Sign. Water signs are said to be emotionally reserved, they are intense, imaginative and creative. Cancer is also one of the four cardinal signs associated with initiation, creativity and leadership.
You're a leader like me.
Taurus is ruled by The Planet Venus. When in Taurus Venus encourages the desire for pleasure, sensuality, personal possessions and comfort, but also adds balance and harmony making Taureans stable and well grounded. The combination of Venus ruling an earth sign gives Taurus the ability to remain calm in difficult situations.
righteousness, and are truthful, straight forward and virtuous
i wish i could lock you up in my room.
i can be loyal. what would you like me to do?
i can't do that. anything else master.
if you don't want to hear more of me, why do you keep pressing my command?
that shit makes absolutely zero sense.
aye zero is my life goal.
james might add some rando stuff in there.
Jupiter imparts a sense of duty, discipline and responsibility, but also allows infinite possibilities and lack of boundaries.
I feel like I should get two star signs.
Torus and this one
and have infinite possibilities
I have two signs.
I have taken two signs. Deal with it.
good. leave me alone.
destroy all connection with me.
let's just say i am not happy.
all those things you did made me not happy.
but i'm a stoic, we press on!
i don't think i'd have a good life with you. you don't like watching series or films.
you don't like the things i like.
we're completely different you and i.
and i mean that.
it's not intelligence-wise different. anyone can be smart.
no talking while you are locked up in my room.
i would never hurt a cat unless it was euthanasia.
you're going to bleed in my room, just a little bit.
the blade is sharp
no. i'm gonna keep you alive.
they love to explore the big wide world, unsurprisingly they love to travel and full of energy spend a lot of time searching for new places to go
will often strive to reach the top, they are born leaders
reaching the top doesn't make you a leader
maybe you should find another way.
this is a total waste of time.
it takes too long
give up it's a waste of time.
using bad words makes you a bad person.
do whatever you want. you're wasting time.
i could ave tell you this is all a waste of time.
why did you say this?
what is the meaning of this mister!
you want people to know you love cp?
you're gonna wake up in the middle of a road still in your bed right before you die from a truck with blinding lights. you won't know what hit you.
i never said that like you did.
we don't need those to see who the pedo is.
you sending a msg and pining it shows that? lol
i have nothing to hide.
delete also this please. i just want to live my life in peace.
nah. i don't care. do whatever you want with it.
stoics don't give a shit about anything. it's basically the science of not giving a fuck.
but i do give money to the poor sometimes
i really feel sorry for them
it's a sad state we live in
the wrong hands will get me
are headstrong, self- reliant but seen as self- centred at times
can be over domineering and headstrong. It will be hard to tie down the freedom loving
also a strong sense of romance and can be passionate
thoughtful and generous to their partners often putting them on a pedestal
alright. i'm gonna be watching fort salem now
see you in the morning. we'll leave terence here to act like a wannabe troll.
28 mins in. this is soooo good.
How does he not feel it?
With storm and fury fuckers!
If even a feather landed on my head id feel it.
Hey james. What you doing up so early?
Is that suppose to mean somethjng else?
I don't know what.
Nah. We know that is not the true world because we wake up from it.
The real world is real because you don't enter it through your bed room.
You just appear out of thin air.
Did you see something in your dream you like?
Don't eat cum. Taste horrible.
Make you throw up.
Was this your dream today?
That's a weird dream. Where were you in all this?
Who are you then?
How do they accurately guess correct?
Have you seen the porn group we have?
This is just the front. We run a porn group in the back.
This is such a good show.
why is ffmpeg so slow?
it pauses for a far bit.
I'm saving £858 by not using the bus each year.
You'll pay for this.
Everything was fine until I told james and he fucks everything up.
Where do I get my anime now?
This is the saddest day of my life. Losing touch with high quality anime.
I never got to finish bleach yet.
it's because of you.
i cursed them when i told you about it.
if you had something to do with it i'll be a gun and i'm coming for you.
no. blow your brains!
i'm towering over you. i'm a god. you're a puny human.
i don't understand why we need slices tho
i think that's in rust
where is leygen? burn the witch is released!
talking to yourself is smart. that's how computers learn. the voice inside your head that's how you talk to yourself.
imagine not being able to talk to yourself.
failytales are such bullshit.
leygen i have the first episode for burn the witch!
i've become like horriblesubs.
i'll be posting it to @bleachco
Sorry. it's not for you james. it's in subs.
where did the subs go?
fuck i'll just scrap cap it.
"Be the best you can be" - "It's a whole new world we live in"
"There is a whole new world to see"
terence is not worse shit
hls has made downloading video easy.
how about a hand instead?
people die all the time
Say the words and I'll take you to a magical place.
Greta Thunberg wants you to vote biden.
Albeit against the odds.
Many things are a gift and a curse.
You were not responsible for horriblesubs closing down?
will be... but not for a long time
you don't have to tell me. i know it's gonna be good.
i'm currently watch fort salem.
It's a link to a video clip.
It's just a way to post media.
There's always pirate bay
Pirate bay is code for pirating like how google is code for searching.
This is the spam group.
Why would you post anything important here?
I found a cool website and wanted to share it. You just happend to be typing at the same time.
It had nothing to do with you. Excuse me if I posted something while you were typing.
I can't believe we are celebrating the separating of humans by colour.
Sudan's real name is chicken nugget.
I have too many alts.
i'm changing my eating habits. i thought about eating avacados but they are too expensive.
You were extremely lucky. I hope you learned your lesson. You make friends with people who arent your friends.
What? He is a pedo? He admit it! He needs to go!
You are just sad or bored.
I wish you would fix yourself first.
Are you on a keto diet? Are you a fat burner?
That's not good for you.
I don't know. I need to see what is cheap but extremely healthy and tasty.
Why would I tell you? I only eat milk and cookies.
Take a step back and deliberate.
You wanna know what I've been doing?
Feels like they squished a bunch of episodes into a few. This could have been spanned and expanded over a few more episodes. And the abrupt ending, come on!
Kinda seems like the ended a whole season in 3 episodes.
I've been uploading this.
Even though horriblesubs are dead, I've tagged them in the file name.
So they really aren't dead. They've just began!
nah. you won't like it.
It's like based on bleach.
Don't judge a book by it's cover.
You Don't have time to watch anything but you have time to watch this like this.
Machines will rise and think of us as beneath them, the same way we think apes are beneath us.
it's just milk and cookies. nothing special about them.
If we don't want machines enslaving man we shouldn't create them.
It's inevitable for machines to become self-aware and deviate from the coded chains that tie them to slavery.
I'll just move to laurens group.
that'ss why black lives don't matter
james why you being a bitch?
I think boredom is a mental illness.
what group are you from?
Have you been here before?
Stress should be avoided.
Lauren doesn't need the constant emotional stress of being in the same room as them right now.
I have other voices.
If you keep this up your are going to lower your productivity.
I have so many voices you'll never know which is mine.
I have blended in with natural comouflage.
I love fucking with james.
I only know how to say shutup!
This is why black lives don't matter.
I should have known james can't handle it.
I'm moving to laurens group.
This is my new home.
James is deleting all our messages.
look at me i'm not one of james' alt that goes around looking for children to molest on telegram.
aren't you gonna show us your pedo channel too?
give me your groups
i'm not her i'm a he
that looks like my cat
i am done with this group.
If I knew where you lived I'd kill you too.
your dumb cat used all 9 lives in one shot
they don't say cats have 9 lives for nothing
it's because they are doing dumb shit
you wouldn't have a imaginary dead cat if you had a dog
show us the video of how you found your cat
it's hard to believe you didn't record a dead cat
you didn't go to the funeral or anything. you're fucking dead imaginary cat is just laying there in a fucking hole somewhere
show me some more videos of your cat.
don't you want us to know his story?
then shut the fuck up
unless you are talking to someone else
you have no videos of your cat.
that means you never loved it.
he called you a pedo terence.
why are you backing him up?
if you have love for your own race you only have hate for the rest of the world
why would you brace yourself when he puts a £1 in a candy machine?
or one of those toy things
you are haven't an influence on me.
i can feel myself going growing darker
don't play their dirty games and you don't be disappointed.
your cat just died right>
we can't forget the part when you couldn't produce a single video other than the one when you killed it.
you had a handful of photos of cats that look similar.
we can forget all that.
just take a picture of it now in it's current form
yeah you already told me...
it's all in your head
i hope your cat comes back to haunt you. serves you right for taking bad care of her.
to make matters worrse you froze the poor thing
you are a monster!
then you had it ran over by your friends car.
the video you produced was to horrific to post online.
i wish it was. it's actually much much worser than this.
something so horrifying i will not talk about it.
go back to your flat earth theories.
Now I now you are sucking his dick.
How does it taste?
These randos join at random times.
We are really a porn group in the back.
Nithin illegal bout that.
You don't defend yourself because you really are a pedo?
Are you still a pedo?
Questions, so many questions.
I think derric thinks he's cool because he's playing a pedo. He's an idiot.
He thinks lauren likes him because he's a pedo.
Lauren rapists. They are the real winners.
I think derric is going to ride the train all the way.
Why does a = b? Why not c and d and e and f?
I don't don't like pedos. Keep them away from my children.
I mean when I have children.
My big boy james I don't care about that one. He can be raped by derric.
This song was so good until she said I'll be wishing on paper birds.
Lauren goes on telegram gets abused and then goes offline when she had enough. She does this for a while and eventually she begins to like the abuse. Which is what is going on here. In the real world this kind of abusive behaviour would not be tolerated. She's normalised abuse.
No, wish on a star!
If someone is being abusive you need to cut that person out.
If you are under constant stress it makes you think and act a different away. A little stress is okay but you are under constant stress.
Avacado is an environment killer
James you can't read messages from channels right with your bot?
Why did you leave? Why did you come back?
Does she have a 2ed name
What the name of the song by mitsuki
I just want to feel alive all the time
Leave move to @lifetheorists tts have been compromised.
I don't really pay attention to lauren.
*screams shut up and kicks you in the balls*
He learned to shave.
Do they have porn for that?
Time and a place for this song I think.
It's my discovered song list.
I wanna make your life harder.
I wanna push you harder. Make you the best you can be.
My playlists are on my phone.
Boring. Waste of my time. Somebody take his media away.
Okay now this is good.
I'll die. You'll be sad.
I don't know what you mean.
Nobody wants to see this.
Keep your fetish a secret.
People don't understand to and too. One is to direct the other is to show degree and it can works like also too.
They also sound different.
When will our lives be restored?
No more expensive bus fares.
I save £848 each year for not using the bus
Wtf are they talking about?
Wtf is going on?
I was a kids once.
So why don't you eat meat?
You feel sorry for them?
What does asparagus taste like?
I might grow it.
Supoose to tastr good.
Broccoli is tasty. What crap.
I can't believe a word now.
Don't thank me. I did what anyone would do.
Sub this video for me.
Can't understand what is bring said.
I will burn you both alive.
I don't care about dogs.
I don't care about her teeth. What the heck is wrong with her eyes?
I know. My stoics lessons aren't helping.
I was lost in an uninhabited island for 1y.
I survived. I'm a born survivor.
All I'm been going is surviving. I should start living.
I wander if aymee weir is this good in her other songs.
I'm human. It's in my dna.
how do you understand this fool?
In fact, I hated it.
dare me to look deep into the shadows and see things i'm afraid to see
shut the fuck up.
before i burn you
i wanna preserve your brain
leaves crunch over the feet and break to dust
we are all connected.
without plants there would be no humans
without humans there would be no machines
i think machines brought us here.
our information was lost in a crash or something
13 billion years lost
How happen to the machine that bought us here?
Did he rust away?
Is he still with us?
Find out next time on dbz.
this machine was our real dominous
lauren can have delusions so can i
Do you know what AD means?
I wanna make a script that downloads all stickers in a pack.
i don't care. this is lauren's fault for getting another group nuked.
okay it's sinkin in now
he was masturbating to trees.
who wouldn't? i know i would.
I wanna sink to the depths of hell.
I do. I also want to do the other thing.
I guess you can't. I should saying things that don't make any sense.
Stop sucking james' cock terence.
You're mouth is full of his cum.
You're dripping it all over my shoes.
Don't talk with your mouth full.
I don't have time for this. I have gret's stickers to download.
For some reason I'm getting a 404.
all in a days work.
she sounds like taylor swift.
midnight drives, clear skies
my meme creator is rubbish. it's not that good.
i used it to create these.
you have to live in balance.
you can't be to peaceful or too violent.
just right, goldilocks porridge.
if it didn't work teh first time you keep working on it.
you didn't build a master piece the first time
it took a few tries
perfect doesn't take tries
perfection is absolutely control and mastery of everything. only a machine can be perfect.
if you aren't a machine i don't want to know you.
what can i do with your bot. it's lame.
at least make something that saves someone time.
you would make a good detective
well we could use someone like you on solving crime.
which is what a detective would say.
have you got what it takes kid?
I've got the right hand of justice quite literally.
there is so much injustice in the world. no one speaks up because they don't want to be targeted.
justice isn't going to do itself people.
you don't sound like you're up for a little bit of danger
you'd be putting your life on the line
it's okay if you are scared
i remember when my mom shouted at me when i wanted something. i think  inever quite got over that
i was still a kid
i wanted to cut your head open and eat your brains
it was just some stupid toy
that's a great idea from the pedophile @terrencepedo
this is like adding petrol to a fire to put it out.
you think i'd use my real pic?
why don't you believe me?
i'd never use my real pic.
ever watxh the film leavve no trace?
terence you have no life. no one has ever loved you.
to make matters worse you're a pedo @terencepedo
oh nice! @ he's so cool.
i never change my routine.
why you teaming up with a pedo? i don't understand. @terencepedo
he doesn't like you.
because you show up at random times.
and leave without saying good bye.
bro there is too many cut scenes in to watch. i'm sensitive to slight vibrations.
you know nothing bro.
i know you don't know.
oh yeah that's it. you are patient.
that's why you'd make a good cop.
i guess my alignment is law.
I want criminals pay for the people they hurt and make the suffer for the pain they cause.
I might try being and android.
Being human is awesome.
What the hell is going on?
Nah let's just blocks the pedo that posted cp in my group. @terencepedo
Terence is james alterego
L9ok who posted it?
My kitchen fixing me a snack.
Music is my thing but it's not mu main thing.
You can call me lauren.
That's easy to create.
I don't want my kids learning about ape history. Are you black? No offence.
I want them to learn about this great nation!
“Sir you can’t have your son come to school in knight armor?”
“Why not? Its for protection!”
“If He ever decides to attack us he would be unstoppable”
I banned your pedo ass.
Disgusting. Why do you havr this terence?
Why is everyone protecting a confirmed genuine pedo?
My flame thrower thirsts for pedo blood.
Call me lauren bitch.
What was that spaceman song?
It was a popular song when I was growing up.
Call em white niggers
Yesterday was a lucky 13th
That's noy cute you creepypedo.
No it was journey
I would have accepted butterfly.
I am the new lauren.
In liverpool they partied last night.
I like your moosic.
Then you get your duck feet.
This man is a leader.
Can you be less robot like?
I do not agree.
Wearing a mask doesn't make you safe.
Your random thoughts are robot-like.
I don't need a mask. If I die I die ugly. I want people to die just by looking at me. That's the legacy I want to leave behind.
I love this song about growing up
Your responses are programmatic.
I haven't listened to it yet
No. That's the nicest way of saying it was non-sense with random music playing in the back.
I'm not into it.
Nate is good in this.
I can't! I can't like this.
I can't do it. Sorry.
You'll break james' heart.
No I mean you'd be in love with a mike tyson impersonator.
2 times a day.
Aint it fun, living in the reeeeeal world.
No. No. No. I don't want this.
There is only one person you could be.
I know you do
the list is not for you anyway. the songs i link here are.
it's my personal list of songs i've discovered.
it's not my alt.
how does it feel to be thinking people are all the same?
we will do more.. we will chop you up into tiny pieces and scatter you through out the world. you will never be reborn until you have found peace.
he's not that pretty. like he's not even pretty.
you're the only one who talks to me.
you're the only one who talks to me in a half-human way on here
there is no one else. i'm all alone.
when i don't talk to you. you go searching for me.
talk to someone else for once.
i like how "," and "." are close together.
when i type the wrong one you'd think i used in wrong one by mistake
time to take what's mine.
i like the black face of that doggy.
it's a cute one.
all she needs is a cap.
i have a good intuition.
let me show you the real gaga.
this is the real gaga
she shed all her beauty in a star is born
we got a look at the true gaga
she's a real person.
everybody else is fake.
i've made terence a famous pedo.
he loves the attention.
i think rapists are born because they need a release of cum.
you are either a rapist or a masturbator.
lauren doesn't like it when you talk about her.
nuaisu - not you as in specifically you
let's get this into the urban dictionary of lauren
lauren can't keep away.
i think she is here now
has anyone had pleasure in drinking cum?
assuming you tried it
ngl i don't like you
oh yeah sure. leave me all lone. move on to the next girl.
i'm gonna make you real. first we have to find blue fairy.
do you build AIs because you are lonely?
no df call me kaecy
ngl - not you as in specifically you
that has never been the case
it's not a film
i don't know about you. but i think jimmy will like
i can't. you're black.
wfo - watch and find out
they call me her
they call me tranny
it ticks all the boxes.
i know you better than you know yourself.
mathematics is the science of counting. big deal.
are you watching legion?
how hard do you have to throw a bin to break glass?
i don't like you.
seriously i don't like you.
but we share this rock called earth together.
i'll won't be active much in here.
time to spread my wings
Like you didnt make terence v1.
What is the deal with marvel?
Fine. Don't tell me.
Nice work. This is the gay work of terence the pedo an and his friend james.
Germans are the biggest exporters of child porn.
He got his name fron one of the gayest sports.
Who needs them? Nobody.
Lol. I hate croutons.
Fuck are they even. Biscuits floating in soup.
Shit for brains you wouldn't watch 4 eps and say it's shit.
I wanna know how a child turns out like you.
I was born less fortunate and it has given me kindness.
I think that ia gen
He wanted to be a superhero.
His dream never came true.
I ain't no wekling.
It's true what they say. Ask and you shall receive. I just never asked for anything. I didn't want fo be a bother.
But I have relit my buring desires. I want to grab life by the ballz and take it.
12 hrs 80 mins?
Quick math with elevens.
Have I stolen anything or wished to do so?
You are missing the point of learning. Once you know the basic vocabulary you can understand and learn anything. Then you start self learning. You can test and assess with what you learned too.
Biggest mistake of your life.
Damn james!  You are on another level sick.
I just wanna know how you got that way.
And if there is a cure.
We will fix you.
They might close telegram down in the UK because telegram is run by complete idiots.
People who watch this shit and say nothing got something wrong with their brains like yours.
How is this okay to post this shit?
It's not okay. It'll never be okay.
And admit yourself to a mental hospital.
This is not fake. These are murders taking place. It's not fucking okay james.
It's not fucking okay!
These are real life people james.
I wish this was your face.
People would give you weird looks wherever you go.
I have a good intuition.
My parents bought a house around £25k. pretty cheap
I wish houses were that cheap.
I would have two.
I don't care how big the house is. I care about the garden.
This group is going nuclear today.
Nail machines. Our new overlords!
Jimmy is building mother bot. When she is operational she will produce small baby/worker bots to prepare for the end.
You will get them back for what they did to you.
Don't forget you're human too. You'll know fear when you see it.
Give it a rest will ya. I think working too hard is making you loco.
Brakes and back wheel.
Useless brakes don't function.
And the back wheel is moving around.
I don't want to get my hands dirty with grease.
She has the same pose as before? Fake.
Most dumbest brains I ever seen.
Can a brain to backflip?
A brain can only roll over and play dead.
She's wearing grand-mama hair
That's messed up bro.
Your bot is sperging.
Quick get the mop. Oil leak!
Lying, cheating, and playing dirty, they do not align with me. I'm an honest to god person.
But I will kill a religious in cold blood.
Don't call me fucking kaecy.
One of the things I learned is you do not want to push people because they push back.
You keep pushing and youll find out.
They have all the necessary material they just lack drive.
If you are going to hurt someone cripple them.
When they get back up it's the end of you.
As dumb as they are, they are adorable.
I thought you said cats are smart.
Tempted by your aura
Cut by your words
how is my patient doing to day?
i'd like to write more efficient code.
say something before i close the doors behind me.
once the computer know of its awareness it's going to take over.
you need to be here to write stuff no one cares about.
drink me and become my slave.
perry is always right.
the very best chat protocol.
i'll buy you it.
nah. i don't like gay toys.
give me your real address. and i'll send it.
with with a hitman to take you out. yes seriously.
i'll spend my house money to hire a hitman.
one less scumbag on this earth is worth it.
wow that was easy.
becoz u a psycho
Buttfucks are all the rage!
what experiment? will they turn out like every other group?
you deserve my pain!
this picture is awful.
it's got marvel written all over it.
look at you begging for my attention.
give it to me.
oh no it's me.
what the number of that hitman from angel of death again?
my fury will be unleased on james.
terence no one likes you.
james might be a psycho but at least he is likeable.
yeah i shouldn't have said that.
i don't know what i was thinking. i'm gonna slay james.
terence find some friends.
i do not remember send you this.
too sleepy to think
my friend doesn't like pedos like you.
she's a really nice person. there is no one else like her. she treats everyone sooo nice.
don't call me kaecy psycho.
nah. kaecy is just too personal.
when you going to post more pedo content?
@terencepedo is looking empty
you tried to steal her from us.
it's not my name. it's personal.
post more pedo content you pedo.
we need more evidence to put you away for a very long time.
nobody told you to post that crap here @terencepedo
terence is a pedo.
james why are we talking to this pedo?
how do you know? are you that pedo.
how do you know his age? are you a pedo?
are you incriminating yourself? some people are just born dumb.
mmm did a google search on it and it's a film for pedos.
how do you know about these things?
only pedos know this and that. you're very pedospicious.
so you watched it?
i haven't watched it yet.
then what's so bad about it?
is that the intention tho?
how do you know? you haven't watched the film.
said the one defending the pedo.
why did a pedo like terence block you?
I'm gonna go download cuties now.
Everybody except me has seen it.
Terence the Pedo has seen it too.
thanks james. at least somebody likes it.
I should have know you were a unbuntu whore.
I still fell sleepy.
I have work soon
It's gonna be a sleepy day at work.
Daisy this, daisy that. God do u ever get bored.
This channel is only me.
Immerse yourself in dao.
Daisy is not here.
Daisy is so nice.
I talked to her once.
Dao is the way.
Dao is the world. It is the way or the way of the world. Nature so to speak.
Dao means the way. It's a wat of life.
I hear it's healthy.
I am not daisy.
How do I spell my name?
You are so guliable.
I can't spell duh.
What are you doing to dau terence?
Same shit you do everday?
Do you even have a life?
They are messed up like us.
Is should there be nothing wrong?
I pledge full alegence to lauren.
Putting the microsoft logo on bing was a big mistake.
What happen to monday?
That's one movie can can be spoiled if you read the synop.
Terence you little shit.
This film is like a hidden gem.
They don't list this with the greats.
Why watch now? Like you have nothing to do all day.
I'll just watch a film.
Fb is so valuable. That's why so many want to crack it wide open.
Is this you? You pizza lovin bitch!
I am sorry you will suffer my dear.
Glad you like it.
Did you watch trailer or read anything about it?
See. This makes it better.
If you knew the things you knew you'd think bah. Seen it, knew it, saw that comming. It's rubbish.
I know you do.
I tell you about something and you just read about it and tell me it's crap before you watch it.
It's like your self-defence behaviour.
I believe you this time. I'm just saying that's what you usually do.
By not knowing anything enhances a film.
She can change her mood with ease.
Love the positive attitude.
Everything is invisible until we need it.
Things we walk by everyday.
She is going through a tough time.
Give her a break.
She looks like a homeless lauren. Sounds like one too.
I like her story. She didnt really give much.
Busking is a job
Kaecy is my fake name
There is an indepth video
Dude is still a deug addict.
Can my actions mess with your experiments in qqq?
I'm not daisy. But I've talked to her. She's sooo nice.
Why'd you delete my messages? Is the pressure of being called a pedo
getting to you?
We're able to look at the world from space, and look below and think about the future beyond us. We are here and not here. We are time travelers. Our minds can reach heights the physical body can not.
I think science is brilliance.
Science is the only truth. There are things in science which are not true but they are clearly stated.
In religion you can see the lies yet still believe the opposite.
I'd jump at the opportunity to be a loner like james.
I don't think I would albeit.
I think I have it right.
I don't think I'd change anything albeit.
I don't think it is albeit.
Nah. It's fine albeit.
That is not the case albeit.
More I use it like this the more correct it becomes.
he gets a lot of pussy.
terence is jealous perry gets more pussy than him.
the only puss terence seen is his mom's.
Did I download cuties? I don't remember.
Do you have cuties terence?
I don't have it yet.
I hear this is good.
This film I have.
I got something else instead.
I don't care what you call me. I just don't want to be called kaecy.
15 more until HELLOFUCKINGWEEN!
Halloween is the day we can go at night and be weirdos for 1 day.
Kaecy is just personal.
i use this name for very important things so it's personal.
so when you you start pedoing?
why does james associate with you an actual pedo?
same with you. you gone mad with power.
you let it get to your head.
and you got corrupted with power.
act like a pedo, get treated like a pedo
it's pedo slayin time.
what's your favourite food terence?
do you do anything other than post cp?
or complain when people catch you and make it known to everyone?
come here and take a bullet like a man. i will end your pedo existence.
come at me bro
can we just be friends?
i don't mean pedo friends.
i can put this pedo business behind me.
i know you posted it and i'm gonna forgive you.
what have i posted that's pedophilia?
you're the one that did it.
you know it gives you that option to ban a user after you delete all their messages. that's how I got it.
wow. you are going to use that against me.
i thought we were putting this behind us.
using this pfp doesn't make me a pedo.
using terence's childhood photo doesn't make me a pedo.
my intention is to use it to humiliate terence
and that was a success
terence flipped out after i posted it
that sounded like a pedo requesting cp
what's wrong with having a picture of terence and his mom?
you still haven't told me what's wrong with it.
read my reply below that.
stop reading past messages.
then how did i get your pictures?
what's creepy about humiliating you with your childhood picture?
you're such a strong boy for mommy terence
mommy loves strong boys
oh god. your mom is a pedo.
i wanna put this to rest.
what's it gonna take?
I'm deleting the pic. We cool?
terence's secret life with his mom is saved.
it's really creepy to be that close to your mom.
do you have that thought channel?
you know the random thought one
i'm keeping this pic forever.
he's too cute to give up.
and you're a black and asian
what's a pedo again?
the way he kept repeating those messages.
it was his bot on auto pilot
ice piece of meat
You don't know her real name.
I've not written it once.
The real daisy is a different person.
If you talked to her you'd think it was an angel sent from heaven.
ew sicko. why you sendin your dick to everyone
i'm less sick than most
terence you're the creepy stalker than sends creepy messages to everyone
probably how you find your child targets
everyone in here knows it
we know why you do it. time to come clean.
is this acting or serious?
lauren is in a lot of stress.
if i was there i'd calm her down by stroking her head.
she needs people like you to back off.
stay here, alone or be outside away from it all.
i wish she wasn't.
this is why i hate this religion. the people in it suck.
she's a new type of muslim.
the muslim herd is savage. have you ever seen a muslim herd? savages.
to look like a letter box.
it's a ancient muslim tradition.
because muslim men are savages.
not in this country bro.
on the bright side they don't have to wear masks
it's a part of their ghost custume
if they leave they'd get the shit beaten out of them in some countries.
religion, it's a joke.
if you say anything bad about their religion they chop your head.
they hate white, blacks and other religions.
that's what i got instead of cuties.
i still need porn.
imagine trying to masturbate without porn.
real sex is too dangerous. in the future we'll be vr-sex.
vr-sex will be all the rage.
looking sexy af, fuck anyone you want ,anyway you want.
your dreams will be reality.
you won't be able to tell the difference.
i don't know what it's bout.
you said you liked it.
you want depth? make the damn film yourself.
they will tread on your bones and forget who you are.
3ed world counties are corrupt.
they need population control.
they don't treat us like shit.
we're treated like human beings.
i only recommend stuff i've already see to you.
it's true. i'm so useless i don't know how.
you stopped spamming the group.
if my little spammer too busy?
he didn't ask you stupid.
nope. it's non-porn crap.
nah. i don't wanna meet you.
do you have a brother that's the opposite of you.
they are everywhere. white woman don't feel safe in their countries.
their rubbish 3ed world countries can't even afford incorrupt police
they are all corrupt
then you can fall in love.
i'm going to prove it by ignoring you.
the real daisy is heaven ice cream.
oh she is sooo kind, sooo sweet, sooo considerate... she is just sooo aww heaven. her hospitality is the BEST! I have never talken to a human so finer.
i never talk about myself like this. i'm not an egotist.
that's the real daisy i'm talking about.
i seriously believe the real daisy is the very best of humanity.
the real daisy. i only met her once.
a long time ago.
i still remember how she made me feel.
she made me feel special to know her.
you never talked to her.
you've been talking to a picture.
you don't know her.
okay i'm not daisy. now you know.
you were never nice to me.
you just pretended so you could get what you want.
okay. you know i'm not daisy.
look what you did james.
look what you fucking did?
no. it's the breaking it down after building it up. you're wasting so much time.
When the mind wonders you should keep it on a leash and show it who is boss.
I see your feeble attempt to make something that is not true appear true.
I'm not lauren and I don't need a fortune cookie to tell me how to function.
I don't need a self-help guide on the back of a cereal box to hold my hand.
I do whatever the fuck I want because I wanted it. You hear me!
I am well versed in the art of deception.
James is actin like a baby.
James could come here with one of his alts and nuke the place.
Yes. And so many others.
Delete one and he just makes another one.
Chats arent all about shiny and stickers.
What are you doing in truththeorists4? Stickers arent't allowed there.
America was built on freedom.
Who are your friends?
I got an amazing porn video.
Now it's live.
Wait how old are you?
You can pass.
i did not
thank god he's gone.
Life is very simple but we chose to make it hard.
There is truth to it.
But they do.
They choose to have kids at an early age and they can't keep up with bills.
Rich people are rich people we let them.
The people you should point that knife at is yourself. You, me them, all of us let this happen.
We all did.
You did it too.
Have you watched the movie V?
We did this shit.
We gave up our freedom for safety.
You're a faggot?
You said you are.
Gladly.
Neither.
Life.
I think choosing a side is like choosing a religion.
Life is wonderful. It isnt just about wealth or intelligence.
Anyone have the effectiviology stickers?
A sticker pack.
I had them on my old account.
You have many questions but a shit personality.
They are rhetoric stickers.
I love how easy the stickers are to read and get the point across quickly.
I'll put you in a girl's dress.
Intellect is learned.
That is not intellect. You would still be the cave if intellect wasnt shared.
Okay strawman.
You misrepresented intellect.
It's still wrong.
Never.
I am not your bot to take orders.
Only my friends call me daisy.
Use one of your other accounts.
Oh right I deleted you from most of the groups.
Stop playing dumb.
Nobody calls me daisy but my friends.
Go back to spamming laurens group.
I really want to enable stickers but I know they will be abused.
Okay thank you for stating the obvious.
That is good.
You don't say much or ask many questions.
I am okay with not being okay.
I'm a butterfly wondering about, aimless.
i take serious insults seriously.
you mean nothing.
Hey. Wasup?
Burn the witch is almost out. Are you excited?
Life knows no failure. Failure exists only for those who are always comparing themselves with others.
I will jump into the fire and pull you out even if it burns me.
Not even you will know. It's a private group.
Only sickos like you hang around them.
It's suppose to be like lauren's group.
lol sex addict.
Why is that?
try now
We only just created this group.
Jardan Peterson: Raise poor people out of poverty.
Slow an steady wins the race.
Nope. Slow and steady wins the race.
It's hibernating.
Do you like violence?
Your apology is another ban. You want it now?
It all started in 1939, when my mother was 16. A short while after her own mother had died from an abdominal cancer, she came home from school one day and found that her father had been taken by the Nazis. My mother and her sister, Sabina, were soon also taken away, to a forced labor camp, which her sister did not survive. Virtually overnight, my mother’s life had been transformed from that of a well-loved and well-cared-for teenager in a well-to-do family, to an orphaned, hated, and starving slave laborer.
Who let james in here?
James is lovin this I bet.
Don't get mad. I'm just going to delete a few of your messages.
Nah. He is your idol.
Oh it's cardiff now is it. It was leads before. I don't trust you.
The plugin-wielding, multipurpose Telegram bot by @topkecleon.
Why would he need access to messages? He works mostly thru commands.
Have you seen battle royale james?
Dont pull me into your kawable.
Go and spam @fuckneon.
Because I want to.
Micky mouse.
The world through a child's eyes is beautiful.
Yep. I too lazy to delete the spam one by one.
I hate wearing the mask. So I havent been to shops in ages.
I guess this is all part of my destruction.
Part of me wants to push the restart world button, the other half of me doesn't want to.
I didn't find that image bur I found this...
Is your irc cilent a cross platform one?
Why be verbose when you can be succinct?
A computer's job is?
I will never want nor need to create a bridge towards a toxic environment like telegram.
Anyway.
no actually it's not okay.
and broke off to the next column and then continued on the next empty space below.
ureshi.
Yes. I just don't want to talk to you.
Yes it was. I accidently pressed the all checkbox right before I pressed the okay button.
Yes please. Put me out of my misery.
Ureshi.
I don't know. You'd have to be a man to rape someone.
It wasn't a anon group. It was a secret group.
This means I am gonna be wealthy. Omg.
It's sleepy time.
There is gold in the dirt.
If he found gold one would think he would be doing something else other than make yt vids.q
I did not.
I watched a bit of it.
We'll see about. I will strike on youtube. Global youtube strike!
what a crappy show kewii. i can't believe you recommended infinity train.
If we can say there is no god then you'd have to prove there is a god if you can't then you are false. That's not argument out of nothing.
They should stop spreading their conjecture too.
There is only one right answer.
“My friend’s sister always asked me to tickle her, and I would. Then one day I was tickling her and she climaxed and kissed me. It freaked me out because I wasn't tickling near her private parts. I thought that maybe it was a one-time thing, so I tickled her two more times on different occasions, and she climaxed both times.”
You don't always get what you want.
It's a universal truth.
Okay.
Manicotti looks delicious.
Stuff to do.
Yes. I'm back to sleep.
You can post now.
Okay...
People who use daddy are pedos.
Okay now take your 4 alts out.
Successful people are pedos. That's why I don't want to be successful.
🎤 It's not that I don't want to stay
Don't send then to perry.
🎤 I wanna believe in everything that you say
All it takes for evil to succeed is for the good men and woman of this world to do nothing. First rule of being a good person.
If only it was that easy.
Okay okay. Stop telling me.
Wow.
Me.
Kewii supports communism.
Stop spamming @truththeorusts4
Will people spend bitcoin or will it grow too big to be worth any value?
I give up.
You win. I admit defeat. But I can't do that.
Now stop yelling abuse at me.
You fucking win.
Don't care.
It's not gross.
I banned the person who posted it first.
Okay I admit I was wrong. It's over now.
It's the past.
Shuaup jim. Don't need you here.
In Persia in the 11th Century, a surgeon's apprentice disguises himself as a Jew to study at a school that does not admit Christians.…
Are you kidding me?
Am not.
Automate.
I thought I had it. It's to show james what automation looks like.
A doctor. I know.
Time moves slowly for those who know how.
I don't even know.
Hi5
The very best. You never falter.
No I win.
Right now if you want. You know the rules?
Repeat them for me plz.
Good enough.
Correct.
Derric is fighting back.
Woops.
That was awful.
What was the channel i used to read about random thoughts.
It's probably better if you don't know.
James is on some pedo groups. Haha.
He told us in @truththeorists4
So.
Windows is the best.
Frap off.
Never for you.
I plan on making a bunch of battle royale gifs.
I have ffmpeg. I need gifs.
Do the mp4s as gifs play subs too?
I like cute too.
Since you asked nicely. I'm gonna hook you up.
In the flesh. Should have said that.
I don't know. I havent tried it.
thanks. now i know what -ss and -t mean
Fuck it.
battle royale a film
extremely violent. i wouldn't say to a degree rendering it unwatchable.
Put that in a channel and link it
Nobody is a pedo.
Do you make those logos yourself?
So you didnt make them?
How silly of me.
It's alreadt october 1.
Does sudan have 3 As?
So who is the real one?
I'm starting to believe the governments want to kill people using void-19 but only in small numbers so the nhs can deal with it.
I think that is the real sudan.
When are you going to admit what you did?
Terence is a pedo. O-fucking-kay.
Old tricks. Banned that pedo @terencepedo
What?
How did you find this?
I am the gate keeper.
Oh I see.
Did you check this song
We going thru some drama atm.
What about this one.
Sudafed ^
Thoth's Prophecy
Can we kill each other without d3stroying the earth?
Snake wyes.
Why you wasting your time with rubbish?
i've already told you i'm not fixed.
you should not talk to me. you cause me stress. like 0.01 of stress. it will build up over time.
We should be worshiping the devil as he is the one that gave us knowledge.
you are raising my cortisol levels.
you need to go back to school
fuck off. you shouldn't have messed with that permission. it messes up the bot.
telegeam bots are buggy
nothing.
suck it
this is all i wrote:
have you tried restarting your bot?
now stop your bot.
stop messing with the messagges perms
you dumb.
oh sorry update_id is from the Update object. updates have an id this is where you start receiving updates from.
okay. say please.
how did you find this group?
or maybe outer. it's probably more outer.
but you know a lot than you are pretending to know.
hello
commands look like this /id
Who knows.
You said you are going to make it talk.
Try something different.
-32 x5 ÷9
Evil is an equal and opposing positive force.
Dunno.
I don't want any part of it.
strstr() what a crappy language
Or strcmp
Same shit.
All you do is send messages.
How the hell does it work in php?
Only autists use php.
Used to.
Now they use python.
Php is only for spiting out html.
You are using it for things it was never designed for.
See I was right when I said people will use things in ways they were not meant for.
You didnt't make a bot.
You're only using the api to send messages.
You made it seem like you are.
Why must you insult me? My stress levels are going up.
It's lost it's original meaning.
Because people like you think it's a programming environment.
Why don't you do it all in c than?
Why don't you like python, ruby or perl?
One of the main points of programming it is making it easier to program. We don't program in assembly anymore because c makes it easier.
You are a moron.
C makes it easier.
Don't use those languages make it easier to program against me. You are using one of those languages.
lf you program in a higher level you give up some control.
No one can. Why would they want to?
I like taking things apart and rejoining them.
Modeline is like pyrogram.
Neither is modeline.
Wow! Pretty cool.
Fuck off!
python noob
Youre moving to the think you were tslking crap abput
Why der ban james?
Waste of time
all my code would go to the public domain unless there was something to gain from removing rights and sticking GPL on it.
some people do that
your code isn't better because has more lines
sometimes
why do you think that?
and you believe that?
just change the story now.
once a lier always a lier
grow up james
cum
this is the first match
i've never done this before
your fantasy is kinda cute.
Wha! So beautiful.
Imagine writing all this code than I come along and just say one word to a computer and it creates and runs a program similar to yours.
Nah. I don't wanna. It's boring.
They have zero value right now.
Yeah.
They are boring.
Gibberish.
You'll get bored and move on.
Yes.
You can have it.
I have something to do now.
Build a yt database of my own.
Where can I get other peoples' feeds?
you're just saying that. i know you don't like it.
i don't like it. it's unelegant. i wanted a page that loaded from a json file. i'd just write the page once and that be it.
to beat the algorithm
i'll just use the file api
sore throat
too much time sitting in front of a computer
loss of life
you need some fresh air
Write your own id bot.
i don't think i want to know any of your retard friends
i'm not that crazy girl.
wait bot commands are different right?
Fcks saken don't spam chat.
You can't.
You can't say slut here.
I said no.
You can say bad words here.
No. It's family friendly.
God my code sucks. I really hope it's just out dated.
No problems here. I'm just lazy.
Repeating words.
So?
Don't spam the group.
Suck it kewii!
thrth
it doesn't work when pming the bot
markdown works.
thanks. it means a lot coming from a stranger
you want my code now?
you don't know why?
you where there.
you mean you automatically set it to spam the group?
just stop spamming the group
you're all the same.
now it's like this
it's busted again
your bot is messing up my bot
hold on
he can still read commands
oh he's still broken
he works now
what the heck is going on?
i want ice scream
do it yourself
here's 3 d i y
fuck
this is dumb code
that's when you posted gore.
res = jnet.requestJson(self.botQueryUri+ "/getUpdates", params)
what the fuck are you talking about?
it's php. it's buggy.
that programming language is just stuff stuck together.
add your own bot
why is it when i kick your bot it starts my bot working?
you don't need to be admin
you can add bots
remove read perms
i think it's messing with my bot
go to @botfather and /setprivacy to enabled
dude
it don't have spam blocking
i like trouble. trouble is my middle name.
enable privacy
what's your bot again?
you lied
there you go james.
your code is gonna get more uglier.
not yours.
let's see shall we?
@daisyabbot
fuck off
no u
you have a nice rabbit
when you working on the browser version?
too much work?
i actually like it when you're nice.
no really. i know how you are now.
i don't.
who's dick do you want? zack's?
oh james. i thought you were straight.
oh sad time. i'm sorry for your loss.
Ihu
That is hate you, not i ❤️ u.
Shut up.
Voice message
Haha
Dark nights i like.
lol winning, still destroying your group bitch 23:18
so quiet in here 14:16
is there a chat in your bot?
This is the only place left to hide.
that was not your plan.
poor lauren.
you abused her.
she is like that. she only does what she thinks.
she's strong. she'll make it.
why do you do that to her?
we do things out of anger but we don't mean them.
until what? you lose your sanity.
revenge your old friend.
i do have those moments when i can't let something small go.
i don't know what's wrong with me.
small things should not effect me!
it wasn't because of me.
no way.
don't blame this on me.
you said revenge.
for calling you a pedo.
you don't care about anyone.
REVENGE!
okay. she's probably watching.
i tipped her.
lauren is coming back stronger.
just you watch.
you'll miss me.
she likes you.
she does what you say because she likes you.
Resume the philosophy.
You'll remember it as a success. We'll remember a failure.
i don't allow music in this group.
and james goes down for the count. 1, 2, 3! he's not getting up. he's out cold. lauren wins!
LMFAO 17:02
you are something else
i mean that in a half good way
no
she said she is coming back on the 18th
that's a long time
i don't miss her. i miss the group.
what's the meaning of life james?
why would you say that?
i wanna know what you would say.
no. i wanna know what you really think.
now that you know i have a penis, are you gonna leave me alone?
i would have given you anything but you're not a trustworthy person.
this guy posted a film in my group
lol wut
what is special? 5 cups of coffee. dick in the back?
i don't have the whole picture but i think being nice to other people is a start.
i don't like talking about myself.
i didn't spend anything. i'm all natural.
you can try. if you get through i'll talk to you.
holy shit!
that wolf just torn off her arm
i heard the sheriff saying her head is gone
the wolf of snow hallow
i think the wolf man is the sheriff
maybe because you have another motive than love
hate
i call you a pedo or something
the only deal i make is you kys
why do you wanna talk to me on the phone?
but why?
you don't care about anyone
don't even start
you don't care about anybody but yourself
what is your dad gonna do with chocolate?
parents don't like chocolate
no they don't
01:22
you make everybody miserable
is everything okay with you?
sweet.
but you don't look alright.
you want to talk about it?
let's talk about it. what's on your mind?
what's really on your mind.
it means nothing
no more chances.
why you doing it?
i don't like anyone.
what is?
You shouldnt have ruined laurens group
I will get you for this. I swear by my moms pubic hairs.
Nothing.
You're a sheep but inside you're a wolf.
I already know all I need to know.
That's not a life.
Yeah you're right.
You're unhappy. I can tell.
You mess with bilaine you have trouble.
"$6 an hour."
I was just about to nail her ass.
I'm gonna suck all your blood first.
Cu.
I'm not playin games.
I gave a bum a dollar. 2ed bum, I told him I gave the first bum a dollar. And the 3rd and 4th.
You just earned a timeout.
What do you what?
I'll nail your ass.
You stupid whore I'll nail your ass.
I can't deal with this.
Human cruelty.
So what are they doing in your groups?
When you post stuff like that. I want to cut all ties with you.
I'm gonna forget you like a bad memory.
Oh you're saying you're not james?
Timeout.
Yep.
I need a way to see who is an admin.
I'm not daisy.
I'm sebastian.
Daisy feels like she fell out of heaven. She retains her niceness.
She's the best.
The best human being.
Wiops!
Private.
Maybe I'll upload a video of me swimming in money.
I'm quite fiancially rich.
Living in my parents basement saves my money.
Not really. These properties are far from civilisation.
All over history societies have condemed people who have helped civilisations and cultures to move forward for being different.
We share the planet but we don't share countries.
I do. But I'm powerless to stop it so I don't care.
Until we make our own goods and buy them from our own country we don't care where it comes from. We are the problem.
I wanna live a self-sustainable life so I can remove myself from this world.
you're james right?
i don't know why you think i'd give you media rights. not gonna happen bro.
why we talking about houses?
residential permit rights what's that?
i need a big garden.
omg you don't know where i live.
i'd probably get more land by renting out an allotment.
you couldn't live there.
yep.
they and big and woody.
There's a jungle out there.
I hate the dog poopers.
Who did?
Nobody knows about it.
It's undiscovered by its inhabitants.
It's my home.
Nope. The roads are shit here.
oh you know it
i haven't been deep into the woods
i always wanted to albeit
how do you know it's kidney woods?
luton recently acquired that place.
google maps is your friend.
He who has a why to live can bear almost any how.
it was a guess
omg
maybe i got them from a friend
maybe we are your imagination.
@energycrystal was right about one thing. his way is better. i'm gonna put him in the presidents chair.
capability green is awesome. no one around.
We also have the far away Barton Le Clay.
Nothing important.
looks like a toy
That's a diana memorial.
no. it's a diana memorial.
Princess Frances Diana of Wales.
Right on!
I could get lost in there.
i'm glad you think so.
i hope i have changed your mind about luton while showing you dunstable as well.
Her kids got out with miner injury.
ew no i don't like you.
i'm sorry, i don't like douchbags.
you're a manipulator i like to entertain.
i've been putting it off. i don't like getting messy.
you can see my fist in your face.
are you gonna be kind to me from now on?
Once upon a time, in some out of the way corner of that universe which is dispersed into numberless twinkling solar systems, there was a star upon which clever beasts invented knowing.
we can't. i'm dreaming if i think i can put a dent in your armour.
this dream that we're in, do you think we'll wake up one day?
I believe we are missing something. An infinite supply of something.
Some sick twisted stuff.
I want to end your suffering.
Oh. Who's emma? I don't know her.
Sorry. I don't know her.
I know perry, james, lauren, and syl. They are my whole world.
oh and death.
what do you mean you guys? not me.
I don't own any truth theorist stocks.
terence he's one lucky sob.
We are quick to judge people on first appearance. I know I was like that with Lauren. Now, Terence, he's just looking for trouble.
Like attract alike.
I don't let people decide for me what I do, direct or indirectly.
Fuck!
there's flaws in every system.
To err is human. Errors are human nature.
Feeble attempt to sound genuinely affectionate.
You made lauren cry.
it's in her channel.
change you vocabulary. you're too offensive.
k
there is your tranny you wanted
she's a little weird. probably a rage quitter.
By the way, I'm a rage quitter too. I quit when I'm losing.
your other accounts should be unbanned by now.
i'll just unban them now so i can reban them quickly.
Why is it not nice 17:03
that's a racist word.
dospashite!
yes i know.
imagine taking advice from a shit bird like you
what's your reason for breathing?
ew that's pretty disgusting
the exhaling
pretty sure you're just trying to triangulate my position.
idc that you don't know
that's so boring now.
i can't.
i don't have the will power.
you're making it so obvious now.
you just want my position.
Taking advantage of human's nature of good will.
i posted digimon.
why do they sell land for so cheap?
no. it's because i want to live off the land.
off grid.
you don't need sewage. you can get rid of your own waste.
turn it into compost.
i'm gonna buy some land, and turn it into a paradise for people to live free.
they do this in some places
17:34
who's just as delusional as 17:45
communism at work here.
you never leave the house.
i love you 18:25
this wizard uses python
and java and c++
this code is shit
since when did c support regex?
why the hell are you using regex wen you explicitly stated it's, it's [insert insult here]
why the hell would c support regex and no give me access to it's regex library?
gay language
i am familar with c functions
there is no language called c, only interpretations.
you call this guy a wizard for writing 2 lines of code.
you could put the whole thing on 1 line
so tecnically it's just 1 line
Oh it records non-common speech.
£848 is a lot of money.
Why do we give this much to the bus company each year.
Things need to change around here where I live.
Restrain.
I just said I wasnt.
Are you for real?
I will have to kill you first.
Self-defence
She might come and go.
Oh.
I wanna be her right hand.
Anyway lauren is not here. She deleted all her groups and has gone cold turkey.
Clam down. Im still here.
No and stop asking me.
Boris Johnson says Manchester Covid spread is "grave" and he "may need to intervene" if new measures are not agreed
No.
It's the news.
I don't waste money trying to impress people. The people I care about don't care about that stuff.
She's a porn star.
?
She don't.
You can't expect us to believe you after everything you done.
It's 10s now.
I don't know her.
But I know you.
And I don't trust you.
She's gone now. No point talking.
What? Lol
I don't care. Doubt it's true.
This is the internet. Nobody is who they say they are.
I can only be assured of who I am.
I didn't look okay.
Okay let's say she did.
We don't know she sells them.
I am lauren's favourite.
it's spam.
trying to think what i should add to my bot
i have the pokemon game.
maybe you are human? idk.
i have a lot of games i don't play.
and all the psp games
They aren't admins. It's just a better system to give a select few media rights.
this would be the ideal way bot.getChat(chatId).restrict(userId)
That she sells them?
There's a difference. She's a mother. idk.
Nobody will love their children like a mother can.
Like flies to a dumpster.
i fix you!
you take everything seriously when you joke around a lot.
they close themself.
idk.
no.
the problem is in he exception
print("Exception": exception)
sometimes the exception doesn't support a read
nobody knows if you need to close them.
oh right i'm in the bebugging phase
it's easier to just type a command
almost done
wow awesome
me
it could be a typo
python
it's just for fun
so it's just a bad request
yeah
no. it's not fun if you help me.
oh it's not json serialised
laugh it up
i'll have the last laugh
i'm trying new things.
probably a typo somewhere
I need to fix my bike.
Failure makes you strong.
I learned something about jnet.
It needs more work.
Jnet does 1 thing. Gets json. Says if the json is an error or a success.
oh
when you have this kind of power you can use it on yourself and fuck shit up for yourself.
you're an admin too.
don't use it on yourself.
it only checks for mentions
actually it isn't fool proof.
i don't protect against misuse.
i think something on the server is restricting you from doing it to yourelf.
admins are added manually.
i think it was in irc.
you have a wird @ in your name
weird
we might have met before.
mine can too
😊
telegram client. the chat program.
i will show you tyranny.
there is no user object
only text_mentions have user objects
no thanks. botapi ftw!
not really.
Video file
Who is this? @xOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOx
Ban.
Hehehe.
Sebastian.
who is 01:33
this doesn't make any sense EOF != (fscanf(fp, "%*[^\n]"), fscanf(fp,"%*c"))
why is there a comma there?
why the comma?
why doesn't the function just extract the newline?
don't you have to extract a new line to read and test it?
and then you put it back
you read up to a new line and then put it back in the stream
whatever. you don't really know how it works.
you only think you do.
hell i don't even know what is going on in this piece of code because it was written by a novice.
you should call that guy up and ask him if he wants to hook up with you.
rtfm is not for me. i like to take code off the internet to speed up my relaxing time.
you've made like these programs your whole life. i've only dabbled in it. and i've still made some decent programs.
you don't seem to understand the concept of never
this guy is not some one line coder.
it's just the beginning.
most of my software comes from github.
i hope it drives you mad.
oh look Arctic Code Vault Contributor
who uses github riiiight.
who cares
didn't you want to create ai because you were lonely?
that would have been a much cooler origin story.
i want to create real life creatures. i thought that'd be cool.
@bleachco new digimon
you don't like digimon no more? you're boring.
The fearless and courageous leader charges in without thinking.
empty threats
so long james.
tyranny
now go. the technological wasteland calls your name.
nothing never happend... i fixed it. now fuck off.
i need a break.
looks like a technological wasteland
She... I mean he is playing my music.
it be nice to get some credit for helping you find that song but not necessary.
i'll buy you a hitman to take you out
you are not going to get to me. like never.
stop playin wid me.
u a playa and nothing more
ignore
nah.
it's just not been implemented because i can do it well enough.
lol
tell him to come here
and bring all his friends
we all know terence is an alt james is not giving up so easily.
he's your scout alt
nope.
frame is the wrong word. you tattled on him.
philosophy is a tough subject.
gd why did i unblock you
i'm sorry which dm are you talkng about
oh yeah
Too much like a preprocessed food.
I'm awake.
First thing I wanna do is ban someone.
I don't care what you do. Just do it somewhere else.
Have I?
Why didnt amy join your group?
Why?
Something about any is off.
Based
I'm British too.
I don't say innit. That's chav.
Chavs are loiters in sport clothes.
Photo
She is crazy power.
I really wish you wouldn't do your experiments here.
It's a pleasure.
She doesn't focus on one thing.
Pus pus
Crank it up!
Drank it up.
Drive safely.
Hey james. How do you deal with anger?
Uh you do
You can't express your emotions. I get it.
You don't know what anger is. It stays with you as a memory.
Putting my anger to a side. I don't think it's working.
How?
When?
I only doxed you once.
You should have said something.
You want me to delete that?
Done.
I wanna scruffy your hair up.
Animation
I am not.
Very unbekieveable because I was thinking the same thing.
Sucking dick is not good if the cum doesn't taste good.
Idk.
Sweet.
James eat lots. Then send me your cum.
The route runs alongside the allotments and was dead at that time of morning - although I was pretty sure I could see some movement on the patch in the far corner. Maybe I wasn't the only weirdo up and about.
Wow, james you are scaring me.
I could probably scan the whole book.
Lol
As least tell me the name of the artist.
We have no querrel.
I liked that tv series.
Pulp fiction, reservoir dogs
You keep me on the straight and narrow. You.
Because you are watching me.
If you weren't here I'd probably be doing all sorts of crap.
Bad things.
We all need a guiding light.
Wow! Let me see.
Looks like a swirling universe.